Good morning to you too son. I forget to use my mouthwash today.
Are you trying to destroy my marriage?
I had my reasons to believe that Amy Clark wasn't who she appeared to me.
You know, right when I start to finally feel happy again, you just have to find some way to ruin it.
Don't you?
I did this for you Noah.
That's bullshit.
You're the CEO of a major corporation.
I have a billion dollar company to run.
You know what dad? Fuck you!
Okay, you don't get to start being the parent now?
You weren't there for me grown more.
You weren't around when I was in that car accident.
You sure as shit don't care about me now!
What do you care about?
It's your fucking company.
Honestly dad, it makes me feel sorry for you.